Once we have added our NHT And now let's go ahead and let's actually apply this.
SS So do the same thing with go to the main C Ss are going to go all the way from the bottom.
We're going to see that we have the end of services section on here.
So we're going to create is a numbers section over here.
Let's copy and paste this.
And Oreo it's.
And of numbers section or here the first one we're going to have is a background.
So we're going to say we're here and this is going to be a verse section and then we would want maybe
First it was a bad thing.
Three R.E.M. is going to be tomorrow Marham then the zero is going to be left and right.
Then let's do a background here and let's do a background of you know let's say Oh here we would want
again images so we would want to tackle the images and then we're going to have a numbers background
or so let's say here this is going to be our numbers background.
Now what you want again for these numbers.
With one center here they're all going to four forward slash cover and also want a no repeat here.
And let's say fixed.
So pretty much all the same things that we already had before.
So we are here whenever we were dealing with this guy with a manner of basically repeating this one
or I can see that here in this case what I would want is I wouldn't want to make this actually darker
because my text is going to be white.
So what I'm going to say here is again I'm going to go to the actual beginning here and before you or
else I'm going to place a comma.
Now get we're going to write a linear grade and I'm going to we're going to use a black color.
So let's say are here RGV zero zero zero point three.
Are you doing this.
Then I can place a comma on GPA.
Zero zero zero point three.
Let's say red and you can see that it's actually got darker.
Now the last one is going to be the actual color so I'm going to say color and voire because we're using
a very well I'm not going to say here right.
So now the actual color right away turn right now.
The next one is going to be numbers center.
So this is going to be again for a centering for number central going to say again Max with more here
Max width and this because we're going to do Ninety five percent.
So this should never be bigger than 94 percent.
And you know what not actually present.
This was actually view with here view with and then we're going to say that this is going to be margin
two RPMs and so on.
So then basically we're placing it in the center.
And now let's start working with a single number.
So numbers here we're going to have a single number.
All right.
So what do you want for the single number.
So basically for the article that contains all the I can call here number and text what we would want
door.
Well first of all want text align center.
So this is going to be the first one and then we're going to do margin two RPMs and zero here.
So top and bottom.
This is actually going to be a margin to our arms.
Know this is going to be easier.
Now you can see that something is not working.
So it may actually go ahead and check and they say him now.
Well they're actually spelled it correctly.
So here you can see this is numbers and instead of numbers I actually wrote a match.
So in this case what I would want is actually select this article and change the software.
So that's right.
And this is going to be the call correct one numbers.
And also we would want to do it over here.
So this is going to be Mersch and this is also going to be the numbers here.
And let me check whether I have it down below also or this was actually the first.
So again you see or hear we're going to write numbers instead.
And once we say it you can see that everything is working correctly.
So once we have fixed my mistake let's go ahead and let's actually continue.
So we're here again what we have is numbers and we have a single number and we have a single number
icon.
All right.
So this was the class that we had before and where we were going to say font size 3 RPMs like this.
And then you have a single number text.
So here we're going to say numbers again single number and instead of I can just write on here this
is going to be next.
Now here we're going to say font size.
This is going to be two rpms.
Then we're going to have a letter spacing of 0.5 RPMs and then we're going to have a margin of 0.5.
Top bottom or E-M and left and right.
This is going to be easier.
So this is what we're doing with a number.
No I have the numbers.
Then we have a title here.
So what would we want for the title.
So we're going to we're going to have numbers to single number instead of text right.
Right.
And this is going to be title title or title we will just one text transform uppercase and this and
then letter spacing let's do 0.5 two or three times on here like this.
So this is going to be our transformation.
And then after that as always what we would want is working with the media because right now there are
going to be displayed like this.
So obviously one them side by side and depending on the actual screen size we also want to count differently.
So let's do a media screen and or here we're going to say I mean with this.
And for the men with we're going to say 576.
So this is going to be for the smaller screen.
So what we would want is we would want numbers here and then we're going to say Center.
So this is going to be the parent container or here we're going to save this play next.
So first we would want this container you see or hear the one that contains all the numbers.
Or you can see that it is called up and I actually need a verse to see or hear this live.
Now we're working with this parent thing.
So first we're going to say this flex and we're going to say flex wrap and the wrap is going to be wrapping.
So each time it gets too big for an actual screen this is actually going to be wrapping.
And then also going to have just different content spacing between again and we're doing this because
we're all going to be adding our own margins in between.
So once we have worked with the numbers center then what's worked with a single number.
So here we're going to find a single number and what we would want that.
Well here we're going to say flex 0 0 so don't grow don't shrink or here we're going to calc 50 percent
like we did before.
So basically half the screen on the smallest screen size is five point rpms or anhydrous.
So this is going to be 576.
So if you are going to go back to my recording and if I'm going to refresh it I mean my numbers as you
can see as the screen size goes bigger these days to call them side by side.
Now I also want to do the same thing as the screen gets to the nine hundred ninety two pixels.
I want to actually all four of them for you.
So what I can say here is I can just select this whole screen or like this selected copy and paste it
and just change the values around.
So first of all it's just change just 1 2 9 9 2 0 here then we're going to get rid of this number and
because we don't need to repeat it because this is all going to stay the same because it's starting
already from 5 76.
Now also here you can see that we have a single number and only thing we need to do here is change the
value.
So instead of 50 percent we're going to do 25 percent or so now there's going to be four columns or
so once we say this here I'm going to go back off here a fresh one so we're going to have a nine hundred
ninety two pixel screen.
Check it out.
What we are now we have actually four numbers side by side.
And this is how we can work with a numbers section.